Title	Alternate Title	Description	Url	URL target	Relation	Rights	Date Issued	Publisher	Creator	Contributor	Subject	Resource Type	Language	Format	Table of Contents	Abstract	Genre or Form
The Katrina effect : was there a bright side to the evacuation of greater New Orleans? 	Bright side to the evacuation of greater New Orleans?	"April 2007."	http://www.nber.org/papers/W13022.pdf		Working paper series (National Bureau of Economic Research) ; working paper no. 13022.		2007	National Bureau of Economic Research	Vigdor, Jacob L.	National Bureau of Economic Research.	"Hurricane Katrina, 2005 Economic aspects."	a	eng 	application/pdf	I. Introduction -- II. A brief history of New Orleans -- III.The Hurricane Katrina Evacuees -- IV.Should the Katrina Effect be Positive or Negative? -- V. Estimation Strategy -- VI.Results -- VII.Conclusions -- References	In the presence of moving costs, individuals may remain in a region even when they expect to attain a higher standard of living elsewhere. When a natural disaster or other exogenous shock forces individuals to move, the net impact on living standards could be positive or negative. This paper uses longitudinal data from Current Population Surveys conducted between 2004 and 2006 to estimate the net impact of Hurricane Katrina-related evacuation on various indicators of well-being. While evacuees who have returned to the affected region show evidence of returning to normalcy in terms of labor supply and earnings, those who persisted in other locations exhibit large and persistent gaps, even relative to the poor outcomes of New Orleans-area residents prior to the storm. Evacuee outcomes show few if any relationships with host community characteristics, including unemployment and growth rates. The impact of evacuation on total income was blunted to some extent by government transfer payments and by self-employment activities. Overall, there is little evidence to support the notion that poor underemployed residents of the New Orleans area were disadvantaged by their location in a relatively depressed region.	
The Katrina effect : was there a bright side to the evacuation of greater New Orleans? 		Includes bibliographical references (p. 31-32).									New Orleans (La.) Economic conditions.						
Evaluating the Black family : an in-depth examination at the stress & resiliency associated with survivors of Hurricane Katrina		Title from first page of PDF document.	http://rave.ohiolink.edu/etdc/view?acc%5Fnum=miami1177016293			Available online via OhioLINK's ETD Center.	2007	Miami University	Harris, Eric Dion	Miami University (Oxford, Ohio). Dept. of Family Studies and Social Work	African American families.	a	eng 			As a researcher, I am most interested in the journey in order to understand how families have responded once exposed to specific familial stressors. A qualitative research paradigm was used to understand how the six adults from New Orleans were affected by Hurricane Katrina. Results indicated that the same stressors that were in the African American families after Hurricane Katrina were a staple well before. Limitations were also addressed. The data collected from these contributing adult members of African American families suggest there is a lot more research that need to be conducted concerning forced relocating that includes the effects on family life and the need for government intervention.	
Evaluating the Black family : an in-depth examination at the stress & resiliency associated with survivors of Hurricane Katrina		Thesis (M.S.)--Miami University, Dept. of Family Studies and Social Work, 2007.								OhioLINK Electronic Theses and Dissertations Center	African Americans Family relationships.						
Evaluating the Black family : an in-depth examination at the stress & resiliency associated with survivors of Hurricane Katrina		Includes bibliographical references (p. 35-39).									Hurricane Katrina, 2005 Social aspects.						
Evaluating the Black family : an in-depth examination at the stress & resiliency associated with survivors of Hurricane Katrina											Stress (Psychology)						
Evaluating the Black family : an in-depth examination at the stress & resiliency associated with survivors of Hurricane Katrina											Hurricane Katrina						
Evaluating the Black family : an in-depth examination at the stress & resiliency associated with survivors of Hurricane Katrina											African-American families						
Evaluating the Black family : an in-depth examination at the stress & resiliency associated with survivors of Hurricane Katrina											stress						
Evaluating the Black family : an in-depth examination at the stress & resiliency associated with survivors of Hurricane Katrina											resiliency						
Evaluating the Black family : an in-depth examination at the stress & resiliency associated with survivors of Hurricane Katrina											Hurricane Katrina African-American families stress resiliency						
The children Hurricane Katrina left behind : schooling context, professional preparation, and community politics		"Published for the American Association of Colleges for Teacher Education."					2007	Peter Lang		Robinson, Sharon P.	African American children Education.	a	eng 	 	Crossing the waters : Katrina and the other great migration-lessons for African American K-12 students' education / Kassie Freeman -- Now they're wet : Hurricane Katrina as metaphor for social and educational neglect / Gloria Ladson-Billings -- What Hurricane Katrina uncovered about schooling in America / Jacqueline Jordan Irvine -- Hurricane Katrina : catastrophe or opportunity? / Jacqueline Leonard -- Still waters run deep : cracks in the educational pipeline for African American students post-Hurricane Katrina / Eboni M. Zamani-Gallaher, Vernon C. Polite -- Drowning beneath the rising tide : the common plight of public schools, disadvantaged students, and African American males / M. Christopher Brown II, T. Elon Dancy II, James Earl Davis -- Reflections on educational equity in post-Katrina New Orleans / Vivian L. Gadsden, Susan Fuhrman -- Disastrous opportunity / Ira Lit, Jon Snyder -- Post-Katrina educational contexts : breaking the rules / M. Jayne Fleener ... [et al.] -- Benign neglect or deliberate exclusion? lessons learned from Hurricane Katrina / P. Rudy Mattai, Jacqueline M. Williams -- For they are us : "tools" for a post-Katrina curriculum and community / Pamela K. Smith, Pat Williams-Boyd -- Creating world-class teachers : prospects for Katrina recovery and beyond / Sharon Porter Robinson, Penny Engel -- Tikkun olam / Arthur E. Levine -- Wastebasket kids and Katrina : reflections from a "Jim Crow" child / Dianne Smith -- Can you hear me now? transforming today's challenges to position America for the future / Mary Hatwood Futrell -- A continuing Katrina for at-risk children : how we can make it right / Arthur E. Wise, Jane A. Leibbrand -- Children drowning in our tears / Lynn Huntley.		 
The children Hurricane Katrina left behind : schooling context, professional preparation, and community politics		Includes bibliographical references.						 		Brown, M. Christopher.	Discrimination in education United States.	 	 	 	 		 
The children Hurricane Katrina left behind : schooling context, professional preparation, and community politics								 		 	Marginality, Social United States	 	 	 	 		
The children Hurricane Katrina left behind : schooling context, professional preparation, and community politics								 		 	Hurricane Katrina, 2005 Social aspects.	 	 	 	 		
Hurrican Katrina : come hell and high water		A downloadable video file.	http://www.contentreserve.com/TitleInfo.asp?ID={lcub}14E1AFB1-EA62-4BB5-9347-A5D6942C9F43{rcub}&Format=35	Excerpt		Digital content provided by OverDrive; access may be restricted to users at subscribing institutions.	2006	HDNet		HDNet (Firm)	"Hurricane Katrina, 2005."	g	eng 			"World Report cameras have been working along the Gulf Coast since before Katrina's first winds struck. The death and destruction from the storm is ranking it near the top of the list of natural disasters in America. The damage is proving to be of such epic proportions that it will reshape both the people and the places that were legendary and traditional parts of this part of this country"--Title details screen.	Documentary television programs
Hurrican Katrina : come hell and high water		Title from: Title details screen (viewed on November 9, 2006).	http://excerpts.contentreserve.com/FormatType-35/1229-1/110484-HurricaneKatrinaComeHellAndHigh.wmv					Made available by OverDrive		OverDrive, Inc.	Floods Louisiana New Orleans						Downloadable video collection
Hurrican Katrina : come hell and high water		Originally broadcast on television as episode 367 of HDNet World Report in 2005.									Emergency management Political aspects Gulf States						
Hurrican Katrina : come hell and high water		Runtime: 52 min.									Disaster relief Gulf States						
Hurrican Katrina : come hell and high water											African Americans Louisiana New Orleans Social conditions						
